AI Enthusiast
GitHub Repositories:
Drillie
deezforms-backend
zomatoscraper
intro
Whispurr
Total Repositories: 25

About Me:
I enjoy talking about topics as if I'm on a TED Talk.
I'm a fan of Shashi Tharoor.
Language Skills:
Completed my first language 'C' at 13.
Learned Python at 16.
Can read and write Arabic and Hindi.
Fluent in English and Hindi.
Somewhat speak Telugu.
Interests:
I love watching movies, TV series, and Anime.
A huge fan of Christopher Nolan and Hans Zimmer.
Currently studying AI in my first year at VIIT.
Achievements:
Rubik's cube personal best: 3x3 in 31.23 seconds, 2x2 in 1.65 seconds.
Achieved Brown belt second degree in Karate at 15.
Hobbies:
Love listening to music, from Rap to Kpop.
Believes iKON is the best Kpop band.
Enjoys editing photos and videos, self-taught in Photoshop, Premiere Pro, and After Effects.
Can implement 3D objects in videos using motion tracker in AE.
Enjoys playing video games, including Rocket League, shooters like Apex, CS: GO, and Valorant, and various other games.
Dream Job:
Aspires to work as a Machine Learning engineer at Boston Dynamics. My education and university is in VIIT college.

First name is Nisar
Last name is Ahmed
Work experience is Graphic designer in Uber and 2 years at Ola as software engineer

I want this role because i think i am capabale and i am talented machine learning engineer, I love to work with data and am really good with backend.

headline is AI | Data Science | Data Analysis | Machine Learningwebsites is twitter is nanoisbekabout is IBM certified Data Analyst, AI & Data Science undergraduate @ VIIT, Visakhapatnam. Experienced with Flask, Web Scraping, enthusiast in Machine Learning and Reinforcement Learning. IBM certified Data Analyst, AI & Data Science undergraduate @ VIIT, Visakhapatnam. Experienced with Flask, Web Scraping, enthusiast in Machine Learning and Reinforcement Learning.

Email is nisarvskp@gmail.com